Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-c-program-to-read-in-various-types-of-test-questions
<br>
Write a C++ program to read in various types of test questions (multiple choice and True/False) from a test bank (text file), and load the questions into an array of questions. You will need to implement the following class hierarchy (given in UML): (I’ll attach a picture of the hierarchy) Once the test bank has been loaded, simply iterate over the array of questions and have each question printed out to the screen. The test bank (text file) will have the following format: Line 1 will be an integer value, indicating how many questions in the file Each question will start with a line that starts with either “MC” or “TF” followed by a space and then the point value of the question. The next line will be the actual question. If the question was True/False, the following line will be the answer, either “True” or “False” If the question was multiple choice, the following line will be an integer value indicating how many choices will be provided for that question. The following lines will be the choices. There will never be more than 6 choices. The final line following the choices will be the answer: “A” or “B” or “C” or “D” or “E” or “F”. A sample test bank file is as follows: 3 TF 5 There exist birds that cannot fly? true MC 10 Who was the President of the USA in 1991? 6 Richard Nixon Gerald Ford Jimmy Carter Ronald Reagan George Bush Sr. Bill Clinton E TF 10 The city of Boston hosted the 2004 Summer Olympics? false